=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenJazz - Jack Jazzrabbit 1 game engine reimplementation

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<OpenJazz> [options] <I<game directory>>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

OpenJazz is a free, open-source version of the classic Jazz Jackrabbit PC
platform games. To play, you will need original data files.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-f>

Start in full-screen mode

=item B<-m>

Start with muted audio

=back

=head1 FILES

=head2 F<openjazz.cfg>

The engine configuration file.

B<Note:> Command line parameters will take precedence over values in the
configuration file

=head2 Game Data

OpenJazz should be compatible with all released versions of Jazz Jackrabbit 1,
this includes the Shareware Episodes, "Holiday Hare" and "Holiday Hare '95",
the "Jazz Jackrabbit CD" with "The Lost Episodes" and the "Complete" edition.

=head1 INGAME CONTROLS

=head2 Fixed Controls

=over 4

=item C<Enter> to choose a menu option

=item C<Escape> to go back to the previous menu

=item C<F9> to view in-game statistics (e.g. FPS)

=item C<P> to pause the game

=item C<Alt> + C<Enter> switches between full-screen and windowed mode

=back

=head2 Configurable Controls

These are configurable via the "setup options" menu. Default settings:

=over 4

=item C<Left> and C<Right> arrow keys to move left and right

=item C<Space bar> to jump

=item C<left Alt> to shoot

=item C<right Ctrl> to change weapon

=back

=head2 Game Controllers

Most game controllers and joysticks that SDL recognizes can be used. However,
not all axes or buttons may be available. Needs manual settings.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Bugs can be reported at the
L<issue tracker|https://github.com/AlisterT/OpenJazz/issues>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<J1E> - level editor by Newspaz,
B<JJ1MOD> - graphic editor by Doubble Dutch

The L<OpenJazz Homepage|http://www.alister.eu/jazz/oj/>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Alister Thomson (AlisterT)

Engine, project lead

=item Alireza Nejati

Menu plasma effect

=item newspaz

Bug fixes, enemy improvements

=item Carsten Teibes (carstene1ns)

Maintenance, bug fixes, documentation

=item Lars Persson (anotherguest)

Movie playback fixes

=item Scott Smith (Pickle)

GP2X/WIZ, Canoo, Pandora ports

=item Przemysław Buczkowski (przemub)

Android, Haiku ports

=item Matthieu Milan (usineur)

PSVita port

=item deniska

PSP port

=item tehpola

Wii port

=item pocketinsanity

PocketPC port

=item Ricerind

Mac OS X port

=item Slaanesh

GP32 port

=item GPF

Dreamcast port

=back
